Initial docs for the csp adapter (#4143)
rancher/docs: content/rancher/v2.6/en/cloud-marketplace/_index.md

---
title: Cloud Marketplace Integration
weight: 13
---

Rancher offers integration with cloud marketplaces to easily purchase support for installations hosted on certain cloud providers. In addition, this integration also provides the ability to generate a supportconfig bundle which can be provided to rancher support. 

> At this time, only AWS is supported for this integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Rancher v2.6.7, only AWS is supported for this integration.
```

With the way we currently do versioning on our docs `at this time` is a bit ambiguous.

Author: Thank you for the suggestion, change made.
